Improve the Mockup documentation (#1345)
plone/mockup: src/pat/textareamimetypeselector/README.md

# Textarea Mimetype Selector pattern.

> Display the mime type selection widget for textareas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display the MIME type selection widget for textareas.
```

> This pattern displays a mimetype selection widget for textareas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pattern displays a MIME type selection widget for textareas.
```

> It switches the widget according to the selected mimetype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It switches the widget according to the selected MIME type.
```
